README.md, before:

# ♾️ Ouroboros Loop Station
DIY 5-Track Audio Looper

![Ouroboros Loop Station](docs/ouroboros-banner.png)

Ouroboros is a DIY 5-track (Layers) stereo loop station designed for musicians, producers, and synth enthusiasts.
Built on the Electrosmith Daisy Seed platform, it offers real-time looping with zero menu diving — just buttons and knobs.



![Ouroboros Loop Station](docs/Box%20Design.png)



## Key Features

- **5 independent stereo tracks** (33 seconds each at 48kHz)
- **Real-time per-track control**:
  - Speed: 0.3× to 2.0×
  - Pan: Left/Right positioning  
  - Volume: Individual + Master
- **Multi-input support**: Guitar, Mic, Line
- **Instant control** — no menus, just hold button + turn knob

## Audio I/O

- 🎸 **Guitar** (Hi-Z)
- 🎤 **Microphone** (with analog preamp)
- 🎧 **Stereo Line In**
- 🔊 **Stereo Output**

## Hardware

- **Daisy Seed** (STM32H750 microcontroller)
- **Through-hole components** only — easy to solder and mod
- **DIY-friendly design**

### Schematic & PCB Files

- **Schematic**: [PDF](Hardware/Schematic/Schematic_Ouroboros-Loop-Station-rev.0.7_2025-08-18.pdf)
- **PCB**: Work in progress
- **BOM**: Coming soon


## How to Use

### Recording a Track
1. **Select layer** - Press any layer button (1-5)
2. **Choose input** - Press channel button to cycle: Guitar → Mic → Line
3. **Record** - Hold record button to start recording
4. **Stop** - Release record button to stop and start playback

### Playback Control  
- **Play/Pause** - Single click record button
- **Clear track** - Double click record button
- **Volume** - Turn individual layer volume knob
- **Master volume** - Turn master volume knob

### Real-time Effects
- **Speed control** - Hold any layer button + turn speed knob
- **Pan control** - Hold any layer button + turn pan knob

## Status
Firmware is read and tested
Schematic is ready and tested
PCB - WIP

Commit message:

Update hardware documentation: Add PCB front/back images and rev 1.0 schematic
- Added PCB front and back side images to Hardware/PCB/
- Updated schematic to revision 1.0
- Updated README with PCB images and new schematic link
- Removed old revision 0.7 schematic files

README.md, after:

# ♾️ Ouroboros Loop Station
DIY 5-Track Audio Looper

![Ouroboros Loop Station](docs/ouroboros-banner.png)

Ouroboros is a DIY 5-track (Layers) stereo loop station designed for musicians, producers, and synth enthusiasts.
Built on the Electrosmith Daisy Seed platform, it offers real-time looping with zero menu diving — just buttons and knobs.



![Ouroboros Loop Station](docs/Box%20Design.png)



## Key Features

- **5 independent stereo tracks** (33 seconds each at 48kHz)
- **Real-time per-track control**:
  - Speed: 0.3× to 2.0×
  - Pan: Left/Right positioning  
  - Volume: Individual + Master
- **Multi-input support**: Guitar, Mic, Line
- **Instant control** — no menus, just hold button + turn knob

## Audio I/O

- 🎸 **Guitar** (Hi-Z)
- 🎤 **Microphone** (with analog preamp)
- 🎧 **Stereo Line In**
- 🔊 **Stereo Output**

## Hardware

- **Daisy Seed** (STM32H750 microcontroller)
- **Through-hole components** only — easy to solder and mod
- **DIY-friendly design**

### Schematic & PCB Files


- **Schematic**: [PDF](Hardware/Schematic/Schematic_Ouroboros-Loop-Station-rev.1.0.pdf)
- **PCB**: First revision is ready. I have ordered first prototype. Once I test it - I will make it public
- **BOM**: Coming soon

### PCB Design

**Front Side:**
![PCB Front](Hardware/PCB/Front.png)

**Back Side:**
![PCB Back](Hardware/PCB/Back.png)


## How to Use

### Recording a Track
1. **Select layer** - Press any layer button (1-5)
2. **Choose input** - Press channel button to cycle: Guitar → Mic → Line
3. **Record** - Hold record button to start recording
4. **Stop** - Release record button to stop and start playback

### Playback Control  
- **Play/Pause** - Single click record button
- **Clear track** - Double click record button
- **Volume** - Turn individual layer volume knob
- **Master volume** - Turn master volume knob

### Real-time Effects
- **Speed control** - Hold any layer button + turn speed knob
- **Pan control** - Hold any layer button + turn pan knob

## Status
Firmware is read and tested
Schematic is ready and tested
PCB - WIP
